## Organiser meetup after the winter holidays

Present:

* [Mike Kaperys](https://github.com/kaperys)
* [Wei Zhang](https://github.com/weizhang9)
* [Daniel Mart√≠](https://github.com/mvdan)

#### March and April meetups

Dan will be away. Mike and Wei will attend both.

#### Other events

Hacking events - try one on a weekday, since the last weekend one didn't turn
out well.

#### NatWest bank account

Dan needs to go do some paperwork. Yay.

Mike has the debit card for the Lloyds bank account.

#### Shared email

We'll move all pizza companies and other providers to our shared email list.

#### Recording of talks

https://github.com/LondonGophers/admin/tree/master/runbooks/youtube

Mike is happy to take this on. All equipment (minus adapters for Apple) should
be under 200 pounds. Let's say max 300 pounds for now, out of our savings.

Focus on recording for now; we can worry about livestreaming later.

If anyone does not want to be recorded, we can skip it for that talk.

#### Sponsors

Utility Warehouse are going to continue for the foreseeable future. Form3 seem
to be interested, on a month-by-month basis.
